Added review_by and other required fields for Daniel the Manual Spaniel (#37)
ministryofjustice/hmpps-integration-api-docs: README.md

## Publishing

Changes pushed or merged into to `main` are automatically published to GitHub Pages and viewable at https://ministryofjustice.github.io/hmpps-integration-api-docs.

## Reviewing

> Should you need to review the content of our documentation, ensure that the `review_in` field is updated as part of the pull request. This should be formatted `yyyy-mm-dd`.
> 
> A Ministry of Justice tool named [Tech Docs Monitor _also known as_ Daniel the Manual Spaniel](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/tech-docs-monitor) will send a notification to the slack channel specified in the `owner_slack` property when a document is due for review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should you need to review the content of our documentation, ensure that the `review_in` field is updated as part of the front matter of the markdown page. This should be formatted `yyyy-mm-dd`.

A Ministry of Justice tool named [Tech Docs Monitor _also known as_ Daniel the Manual Spaniel](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/tech-docs-monitor) will send a notification to the Slack channel specified in the `owner_slack` property when a document is due for review.
```
